
## JS Tests and Docs

This will initially consist of three ongoing projects:

1. A JS API Interface definition for the Carrier API - this will eventually be a wrapper of the C++ N-API module.
I expect that the N-API module will be a dependency of this JS Library, most of the logic will exist in the N-API module 
and the JS library will be just a thin layer that returns promises so that JS developers can call our API 
with **ES2017** `async/await`.

The JS API should have a lot of convenience methods familiar to JS developers but also expose access to the core 
Elastos functions to allow consistency and portability across different environments.  

2. A test suite with full coverage over the API and also verifies the native Carrier methods work as well 

3. Docs generated by https://github.com/jdalton/docdown and possibly made into HTML by 
https://michelf.ca/projects/php-markdown/

Plus grunt + make scripts to build/test everything 

  
## JS API Considerations

We are writing in Node 9.9 and will settle on the Node 9 LTS therefore full use of **ES2017** `async/await` is expected

Since there can be multiple Carrier nodes a singleton may be necessary to track them, maybe we should abstract this
concept away from JS developers.



## Local and Remote Operating Modes

#### Local Mode
 
NodeJS instance runs locally with Chromium - very much like an Electron app - this was selected as our PoC since it's 
the quickest way to a JS solution.

Front and back-end communication via a basic HTTP/WS connection and if isolated properly no need for authentication.  

The NodeJS Carrier ID is the only address/ID needed.

This may eventually be replaced by a pure Chromium solution - Elastos Trinity 


#### Remote Mode - *not finalized*

Likely not building a NodeJS instance that runs remotely from Chromium across the Elastos Carrier network, Elastos 
Trinity should be able to handle all functions necessary including accessing Carrier provided storage layer. 

Proper dApps should not require an extra security back-end layer, but this may still one day be necessary for 
traditional webapps on Elastos.Carrier. 


## DID Integration

This is required to actually utilize the blockchain, there needs to be a signup procedure from within the JS API to 
create a DID and store a private key locally and safely



## Test Framework

Ideally this could consist of initializing spawning multiple node child processes each with their own Carrier node and 
testing communications between them.  

